Family trees preserve conclusions. Kin
Resolve preserves
questions, records, uncertainty, and next
steps.
This tour uses only fictional
Hartwell–Mercer data.
Bring in a plain GEDCOM as a named,
durable source. The original
export is staged privately, processing
state survives a refresh,
and nothing enters the archive merely
because a file was selected.
Incoming additions, edits, conflicts, and
deletions become an explicit
review. Safe changes can be approved
together; ambiguity requires
a decision; remote deletion keeps the
local record by default.
Research stays organized around a
question, not just
a person. Evidence can strengthen or
weaken competing
hypotheses, confidence remains visible,
and the case
keeps the next search tied to the reason
it matters.
Source transcripts remain close to the
people and cases they
inform. Cohort one deliberately excludes
binary source media, so
the hosted boundary stays narrow,
understandable, and enforceable.
Quality and privacy checks run
deterministically inside Kin
Resolve. They prioritize date conflicts,
source gaps, and sharing
risks without sending the archive to an
external AI provider.
The developer preview uses scoped,
expiring, archive-bound
tokens. A secret is shown once, only its
prefix remains
visible, and revocation denies the next
request immediately.
The exit path stays visible: download a
GEDCOM, keep the review trail,
and request verified deletion. Apply
without sending family records.